  29 Nov
  Removed some unsed code from keyboard.js, subsituted IE for IE6 when checking for
  up and down arrow entities for top row buttons, started IE6 at size 3, since
  the up and down arrows dont show up well at 2.
  
  Added an insert function to keyboard.js which fixes problem with Firefox, i.e. returning
  to top of editing window when entering text below the bottom boundary of the
  editing window. This comes from http://www.scottklarr.com and is selected when
  Firefox is active, while the greywyvern insert function is selected for all
  other cases.
  
  30 Nov
  Added a toolbar button which initializes the keyboard and enables selection of 
  initial displayed language keyboard.
  
  The toolbar button opens a pop-up where the language is selected from a drop-down
  Select menu; on submit a new hidden input is created called 'vkb' which
  is set to the value of the language selected.  This new input is then
  appended to the dokuwiki form (dw__editform). When the Post-ed  name/value
  is seen in action.php, a cookie named VKB is created with the name of the
  language.  When this cookie is seen by action.php on the next edit access,
  the virtual keyboard script goes to the browser and the virtual keyboard
  is activiated.
  
  1 Dec
  Upgraded the pop-up window which opens when the toolbar button is clicked.
    1. Added an "Exit" button which enables user to  exit and do nothing.
    2. Added an "Unload Keyboard" button which removes the birtual keyboars
    after the next Save or Cancel.  This adds a vkb value of "off:<lang>" to
    the dokuwiki form (dw__editform') and the VKB cookie is re-set to a previous
    date in action.php.
    3. Added Language support
  
  3 Dec
  This version allows for multi-language selection from the selection box
  and downloads only the keyboard layouts which have been selected. Instead
  of downloading the vkeyboard.js script through a <link  rel = > tag, this
  version writes the required javascript directly into the php file. It
  splits vkeyboard.js into top and bottom sections from which all
  the keyboard layouts have been removed.  It writes the top section, then
  the selected keyboard layouts, then the bottom section.  
  
   